Finish contributing updates; thanks @acarbonetto (#12981)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. *Use appropriate java tags*:
    - `@opensearch.internal`: Marks internal classes that may change rapidly.
    - `@opensearch.api`: Marks public facing API classes that provide bwc guarantees.
    - `@opensearch.experimental`: Mark rapidly changing [experimental code](./DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#experimental-development).
5. *Use sandbox for big core changes*: Any new features or enhancements that make changes to core classes (e.g., search phases, codecs, specialized lucene APIs) are more quickly merged if they are sandboxed. This can only be enabled on the java CLI (`-Dsandbox.enabled=true`)
6. *Micro-benchmark critical path*: This is a lesser known mechanism, but if you have critical path changes you're afraid will impact performance (gc, heap, direct memory, CPU) then including a [microbenchmark](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/tree/main/benchmarks) with your PR (and jfr or flamegraph results in the description) is a *GREAT IDEA* and will help expedite the review process.

> 7. *test, test, test*: pretty self explanatory ([OpenSearchTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/OpenSearchTestCase.java) for unit tests, [OpenSearchIntegTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/OpenSearchIntegTestCase.java) for integration & cluster tests, [OpenSearchRestTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/rest/OpenSearchRestTestCase.java) for testing REST endpoint interfaces, and yaml tests with [ClientYamlTestSuiteIT](./rest-api-spec/src/yamlRestTest/java/org/opensearch/test/rest/ClientYamlTestSuiteIT.java) for REST integration tests)

Reviewer: Capitalize worst word consistently.

### Tips for Success (#tips)

We have a lot of mechanisms to help expedite towards an accepted PR. Here are some tips for success:
1. *Minimize BWC guarantees*: The first PR review cycle heavily focuses on the public facing APIs. This is what we have to "guarantee" as non-breaking for [bwc across major versions](./DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#backwards-compatibility).
2. *Do not copy non-compliant code*: Ensure that code is APLv2 compatible. This means that you have not copied any code from other sources unless that code is also APLv2 compatible.
3. *Use feature flags*: New features that are guarded behind a feature flag have a higher chance of being merged and backported since they automatically come with an added layer of protection. You can see an example of a feature flag being use on this([PR](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/4959)).
4. *Use appropriate java tags*:
    - `@opensearch.internal`: Marks internal classes that may change rapidly.
    - `@opensearch.api`: Marks public facing API classes that provide bwc guarantees.

>     - `@opensearch.experimental`: Mark rapidly changing [experimental code](./DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#experimental-development).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `@opensearch.experimental`: Indicates rapidly changing [experimental code](./DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#experimental-development).
```

> 5. *Use sandbox for big core changes*: Any new features or enhancements that make changes to core classes (e.g., search phases, codecs, or specialized lucene APIs) are more likely to. be merged if they are sandboxed. This can only be enabled on the java CLI (`-Dsandbox.enabled=true`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. *Employ sandbox for significant core changes*: Any new features or enhancements that make changes to core classes (e.g., search phases, codecs, or specialized lucene APIs) are more likely to. be merged if they are sandboxed. This can only be enabled on the java CLI (`-Dsandbox.enabled=true`).
```

6. *Micro-benchmark critical path*: This is a lesser known mechanism, but if you have critical path changes you're afraid will impact performance (the changes touch the garbage collector, heap, direct memory, or CPU) then including a [microbenchmark](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/tree/main/benchmarks) with your PR (and jfr or flamegraph results in the description) is a *GREAT IDEA* and will help expedite the review process.

> 7. *Test, test, test*: pretty self explanatory ([OpenSearchTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/OpenSearchTestCase.java) for unit tests, [OpenSearchIntegTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/OpenSearchIntegTestCase.java) for integration & cluster tests, [OpenSearchRestTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/rest/OpenSearchRestTestCase.java) for testing REST endpoint interfaces, and yaml tests with [ClientYamlTestSuiteIT](./rest-api-spec/src/yamlRestTest/java/org/opensearch/test/rest/ClientYamlTestSuiteIT.java) for REST integration tests)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. *Test rigorously*: Ensure thorough testing ([OpenSearchTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/OpenSearchTestCase.java) for unit tests, [OpenSearchIntegTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/OpenSearchIntegTestCase.java) for integration & cluster tests, [OpenSearchRestTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/rest/OpenSearchRestTestCase.java) for testing REST endpoint interfaces, and yaml tests with [ClientYamlTestSuiteIT](./rest-api-spec/src/yamlRestTest/java/org/opensearch/test/rest/ClientYamlTestSuiteIT.java) for REST integration tests)
```

> In general, the more guardrails you add to your change, the higher the chance your PR will be merged quickly. We can always relax these guard rails in smaller followup PRs. Reverting a GA feature is much more difficult. Check out the [DEVELOPER_GUIDE](./DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#submitting-changes) for more useful tips.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general, adding more guardrails to your changes increases the likelihood of swift PR acceptance. We can always relax these guard rails in smaller followup PRs. Reverting a GA feature is much more difficult. Check out the [DEVELOPER_GUIDE](./DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#submitting-changes) for more useful tips.
```

7. *test, test, test*: pretty self explanatory ([OpenSearchTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/OpenSearchTestCase.java) for unit tests, [OpenSearchIntegTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/OpenSearchIntegTestCase.java) for integration & cluster tests, [OpenSearchRestTestCase](./test/framework/src/main/java/org/opensearch/test/rest/OpenSearchRestTestCase.java) for testing REST endpoint interfaces, and yaml tests with [ClientYamlTestSuiteIT](./rest-api-spec/src/yamlRestTest/java/org/opensearch/test/rest/ClientYamlTestSuiteIT.java) for REST integration tests)

In general, the more guardrails you add to your change, the higher the chance your PR is merged quickly. We can always relax these guard rails in smaller followup PRs. Reverting a GA feature is much more difficult. Check out the [DEVELOPER_GUIDE](./DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#submitting-changes) for more useful tips.

## Troubleshooting Failing Builds

> The OpenSearch testing framework offers many capabilities but exhibits significant complexity (it does lot of randomization internally to cover as many edge cases and variations as possible). Unfortunately, this posses a challenge by making it harder to discover important issues/bugs in straightforward way and may lead to so called flaky tests - the tests which flip randomly from success to failure without any code changes.

Reviewer: A bit of grammar and spelling, esp. `poses`

```
The OpenSearch testing framework offers many capabilities, but exhibits significant complexity, and does a lot of randomization internally to cover as many edge cases and variations as possible. Unfortunately, this poses a challenge by making it harder to discover important issues/bugs in a straightforward way, and may lead to so called [flaky tests](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aflaky-test) - tests that flip randomly from success to failure without any code changes.
```

Author: Sure let me read over what was written and correct some of the writing stuff. I just copied directly from the latest version of the previous PR.

> If your pull request reports a failing test(s) on one of the checks, please:

Author: Sure let me remove this section.
